add docs for annotating an experiment (#599)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/annotation_queues.mdx

3. [Set up an automation rule](../../../observability/how_to_guides/monitoring/rules) that automatically assigns runs which pass a certain filter and sampling condition to an annotation queue.

> 4. Select one or multiple experiments from the dataset page that you want a human to review and click "Annotate". From the resulting popup, you may either create a new queue or add to an existing one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select one or multiple experiments from the dataset page and click **Annotate**. From the resulting popup, you may either create a new queue or add the runs to an existing one:
```
